Hi, everyone, I'm CJ. Normally, I did not present the video but it's worth a fucking
penny today is a special day is the fucking birthday trip sanchez so
I will have a surprise that is taught right now b but good not
it matters a lot xddddd good baby is not a common gift but is a super
gift fuck I fuck in the fucking fuck I hope you like me I spent three
months doing it so if that son of a bitch does not like melo violare for the
ass until I screamed like a suck supported fuck they will realize that this
and in the fucking closet I'll change in less than what it says fried blister
for that the pp
Fuck you said it very fast to see it again in less than what it says blister
fried
by the gut
for barea
I called the fret
you say chicken fried fast and I blow the balls of five bullets and
six in the ass
it's okay in less than it says fried blister by the athlete to the bay
fucking mom Belgian with voice of fag you have me until the hell ha ha ha ha ha
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
I'm peeling her son from the big whore
but why do not you fuck my tits alava adeada
Yes now
that was the drop that shed the milk now yes it takes damn jala new son
of slut hahahahaha you failed so laugh at this hahahahaha favor this one to
fail but sortu for burgos to the bay
stay still
it did not hurt
you have to keep in mind
Well, the whore who bore you is afraid in the brain
and in the ass @alan stripes
you made me feel like in your government plan
p respect pj of the cojones
well I'm going to fuck the mother fuck but before a shot by the head so that
have a good conscience
the shell of their old ones now I will change in less than they say shit
forget the best changed me
min
a cover
I told them I would change quickly xddd bbb is not only a black shirt but
which is the first shirt of sánchez guajaja productions
jajajajajajaja xd
just look at this wonder it took a lot of time but I do not care molasses
alan all put champion music
there is a base
15 Andean
the right band
before the marinaleda
the ine
nothing
the asean
I have days that I left there that shit music
fuck remove the